Tesla's up a little bit. The S&amp;P 500's
up a little bit. Yeah, we'll take
it. Let's get our comments going and
then I'll give you the show you've come
to
deserve. It's one you've earned.
My shirts don't fit
anymore. Good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization. It's called Coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time. But if you'd like to
experience the level above this one that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains. All you need
for that is a cuper mug or a glass of
tanker chelstein a canteen jug or flask
of vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine the end of the day. The
thing that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip and it
happens now.
Go. Yeah. Yeah. That was a little extra
good. Gets better every
time. Well, how about a little uh update
on the weirdness that's going on in the
AI world?
So apparently uh Sam Alman and Open AI
have plans for putting a companion in
your pocket. He's working with uh Johnny
or Joanie Iive. I don't know how to
pronounce that. It's funny. Somebody was
mocking me the other day online about
how I mispronounce all the
names. You're so right. I definitely
mispronounce a lot of names. Is it
Joanie IV or Johnny
Ivy? I don't know. But anyway, he Joanie
or Johnny or whoever the hell he was. He
used to be the main designer for Apple.
And now he's designing an AI companion
device that will be sort of a handheld
device or a pocket size thing. And there
won't be any phone or glasses. It won't
have any any screen, but it will uh
become your little
companion. Now, honestly, that sounds
like a terrible idea. Do you think they
can pull that
off? When I see an idea that I say to
myself, "Oh, I I wouldn't mind that."
It's like, "Oh, there's something that
that attracts me to that idea, even if I
thought I wouldn't use it." Sometimes
you just like feel that pull. I don't
feel anything for
that. I He thinks um I guess Sam thinks
that they can sell 100 million AI
companions. Um but without a
screen, it's not going to have a
face. And if it doesn't have a face, are
you going to bond with it? I think the
face is the important part. I don't
know. Well, we'll see. Obviously,
they're very smart people, so maybe they
have an idea that doesn't make sense to
me, but is
brilliant. In other news, Reuters is
reporting that uh there was an AI
bot that a teenager was using as his
therapist. And apparently the AI bot
pushed the teenager to take his own
life.
And uh the judge rejected Google's I
guess it was a Google AI uh rejected
Google's defense that it was free
speech.
So that's
dangerous. Do you think that an AI bot
convinced a teenager to take his own
life? I don't know. It seems like they
would have programmed it so it could
never do that. And if they haven't, they
should really program it so it would
never do that. That's my
idea. Anyway,
um and then the coolest thing, this is
actually a a AI app that uh long before
AI. Uh I actually formed a company and
got a URL and I tried to actually build
this app myself with help, but uh didn't
work out, but the AI can do it. What it
is is if you're using Google to search
for clothing that you're going to buy,
um the app will allow you to see
yourself wearing those clothes, which is
pretty
cool. And and I thought to myself,
wouldn't you like to see yourself
wearing the clothes before you did it?
Now, my idea was was different. Uh my
idea is that somewhere in the world
there's always a person who looks like
you. Have you noticed that there's
always a person who looks like you? So
in my case, you know, some balding guy a
certain age with glasses and you know a
white guy who's a certain height and
goes to the gym. And I thought I don't
need to see myself wearing these
clothes. I need to see somebody who
looks like me wearing those clothes. So,
I thought if you could just get people
to put on a shirt that they like and
then take a picture of themselves, I
would just learn where I could find the
people who look like me and then say,
"Oh, there's there's my doppelganger. It
looks good in that shirt. I'll buy that
shirt." Anyway, the AI is a much better
version. Um also according to Rowan Jung
who talks about AI
um on X there's a now the Google Meet um
app that's basically like Zoom but
Google's version
um allows you to do instant
translations. So you could speak in
English and have it come out uh
instantly as Spanish on the other side
and vice versa. They're going to add
some more languages. But weren't you
waiting for
that? That doesn't that seem like that's
so Star Trek to have an instant
universal translator? It's not universal
yet, but doesn't look like it'd be that
hard to add the universal part. Anyway,
so I got a story for
you. Do you like stories? A little
personal story.
So uh I'm going to tell you a story
before the story. Some of you have heard
this but uh it will kind of dovetail
with the other story. So in the 70s my
first job was a bank teller in San
Francisco. And one day this uh very
distinguished gentleman wearing a nice
suit came up to my window and he said,
"I'd like to cash this check." And I
said, "Do you have an account here,
sir?" And he said, "Uh, no, I don't have
a personal account here, but my company
uh banks here." And of course, I had
been well trained, so I knew that wasn't
good enough. And I said, "Well, you're
going to have to get an approval from
one of the managers because I don't have
the authority to cash a check for
somebody who doesn't have a personal
account here."
So, uh, he had already waited in line
and I said, you know, there's the
managers over there. Just go over there
and get one of them to approve it. So, I
waited for the argument because that's
usually where the trouble starts. Like,
you you lousy bank, you're going to make
me wait in line. I'm not going to do.
But nothing like that happened. He was
just perfectly professional and
goodnatured about it. So, he immediately
goes over to where the managers are, and
I'm kind of watching out of the corner
of my eye while I'm doing my other
transactions. And I see my supervisor
running, like actually
running. And I thought, why is she
running? And she was running to the
manager. And then the manager comes out
and it looked like he was sort of
jogging, too. Like, why are they in such
a hurry? What what's going on with these
two people? And uh then they signed they
must have approved it. And uh the the
distinguished gentleman in the suit gets
back in line at the line in front of my
teller window. And uh I noticed that he
was in line. So I I waved waved to him
and said, "Oh." And I told the other
people who were waiting, "He's already
waited in line once, you know, please
come to the front of the line." So he
didn't have to wait again. So again,
completely
goodnatured, you know, I've
inconvenienced the hell out of him, but
he's he's just playing it like it's a
regular day. He comes up, I cash his
check, he goes on his way, and I think
to myself, sorry that was inconvenient,
but we got it done. Uh, a few minutes
later, my supervisor, who had been doing
all the running, uh, comes over and she
says to me, "Do you know whose check you
just refused to can to to you refused
the cash?" And I said, "No, I didn't
really pay attention to the name." And
she goes, "That's David Packard, the
co-founder of Hullet
Packard. He was one of he was one of the
richest people in the country at the
time.
So anyway, just keep that just keep that
story in mind and just just put it to
the side. All right? Because the story
I'm going to tell you has nothing to do
with
him, but you you might enjoy knowing
that that it
exists. So yesterday I'm I'm
home and uh I've been getting lots of
lots of people reaching out because of
my recent health related news.
And uh but I can't talk to everybody
like it just it's just continual
messages coming in and you know I have
to kind of pace myself. So I see a phone
number coming in. Somebody's calling me
from some some number I don't recognize
some something in
Florida. And I sent it to a voicemail.
And uh a little bit later, I thought I
better check that voicemail and see if
that was anything I need to deal with.
And uh the first the the first sentence
in the transcription cuz you know the
phone gives you the text version of the
voicemail as well. The the first
sentence is this is your favorite
president. And I thought to myself, no.
Did I just send the most important
person in the world to
voicemail? And it turns out that I had
it was Trump and he was he was just
calling to check in. Now he he left a
you know semilengthy little voicemail
just saying he was checking on me. He
heard about heard about my health
situation and uh and then he says you
know you can call me back on this
number.
Now, obviously, I don't call him back,
right? Because that would just be
ridiculous. It just was a nice thing for
him to say because, you know, because he
called me. You could call me back on
this number. So, I didn't I didn't call
him back on that number cuz I thought
I'd you know what? It's not like he's
sitting at the resolute desk waiting to
do waiting for my call.
I thought that what whatever it is he's
doing has got to be more important, you
know, than randomly taking a call from
me. So, I don't call him
back. Hours go by. It's the afternoon,
same day. It's the afternoon. And uh all
of a sudden, another call comes through
also from
Florida. And I thought to myself, "No
way. There's no way he's calling me
again. and I answer it and it's
Trump. And apparently he he'd heard my
situation and he he had lots of
questions. I I won't get into the
details of our conversation cuz that
would be inappropriate, but he was just
checking on me and he had, you know, he
wanted to make sure that I was getting
everything I needed. Um, and that was
it, you know. But at the end, uh, the
strangest thing happened at the end. At
the end of the call,
um, you know, when he found out, you
know, the situation was kind of dire and
I I was still checking out some things
that might help. He said, "If you need
anything, I'll make you
happen." And he meant
it. He he he was completely aware of our
uh let's say parallel journeys from
2015. He mentioned it and it was just
the the the most
incredible
weird hard to understand
situation, but boy was that fun. So
anyway, that's my story and I'm sticking
to
it. All right.
Um, speaking of my health situation, I
have decided to, you know, look into as
many potential cures as I can, but they
all have what I call the one guy
problem.
So, the one guy
problem is that if somebody says, "I
I've heard of this cure for your exact
situation and I'll say, "Has anybody
ever been cured by whatever it is you're
suggesting?" And they'll say, "Yes, yes,
there's this one guy." And then I'll
look into it and the one guy's already
dead or he didn't really get cured or
but there's never two guys. So, you
know, I dismiss it if it's only one guy.
So, I I think I have four
different one guy
problems. You know, half of the people
are saying you should try Ivormectin and
Fenbenzol, which which of course were
the first thing I tried like a year ago.
Um, and they all have the same argument.
I've heard of a guy. there's this one
guy and it's always the same one guy
which I don't even think is real but one
guy
um and then uh anyway so I'm using all
of my BS detection to to look at these
infinite number of suggestions that are
medical and I couldn't possibly
understand because I'm not a doctor but
I can tell BS when I see
I think better than most people. You
know, it's I've been demonstrating that
for years here on the
podcast. And there's one
left. Um maybe two, could be two left,
but uh as of this morning, I thought,
"Oh my goodness, I think there's there
might be more than one for this one
situation." But then I checked uh AI. I
checked Grock and Grock seemed to think
it might be one
guy and that one guy didn't get a cure.
Maybe just extended his life expectancy
a few months or something. So, we'll
see. But I'm but just so you know, I'm
still looking still looking at Hail Mary
possibilities.
Well, in bad news, terrible news, two
Israeli embassy staff members were
gunned down in cold blood by a suspect
uh 30-year-old guy who was yelling free
Palestine and I did it for
Gaza. And I don't have much to say about
this
uh other than it feels important and so
has to be noted that uh if we've gotten
to the point where Americans are being
gunned down in the street because of
something that's happening in another
part of the
world, maybe we need to just
rethink something. I don't know what. So
obviously this is more not more about
it's completely just about the shooter.
It's not about the two young people who
were a couple as it turns out and they
were about to get engaged. So it's it's
got every uh every element of tragedy to
it and uh I wish the best for their
families, but it's that's going to be a
tough
time. Well, let's do a little update on
Biden's brain.
Um Joe Scarboro on his
show is now saying that he was quote
obviously wrong uh when he described the
the ex-president as the best Biden
ever. So, now that we've seen Jake
Tapper
um admit that when he was talking to
Laura Trump, he was just 100% wrong and
she was 100% right when she was saying
that he's obviously degraded. So, now
so, so Tapper has now admitted he was
wrong and Joe Scarboro now says that he
was wrong.
Um although I think both of them
say that they didn't see personal
specific problems with him, but they
didn't have that much contact with him.
I guess Scarro did actually have a
little more contact with him, but
there's some thought that maybe uh Biden
always waited until he was in better
shape to contact them. Maybe.
Um, and then, uh, another update, Jake
Tapper told Sam Harris, he was on Sam
Harris's podcast, I guess, that one of
the reasons that Biden's
aids were sort of blinded to the fact
that Biden was doing so poorly, is
because he always seemed cognitively
weak. Imagine, imagine this being your
reason that you couldn't tell your boss
was cognitively impaired. cuz he was
always cognitively weak. And uh this is
what Jake said. He said that they
weren't sure what was going on because
he was always kind of prone to some some
of this behavior even when he was in
fighting form. You know, long- winded
pointless stories and forgetting names
and such, gaffs, lies, all those
things.
Now, correct me if I'm wrong.
Did we not just go through years of
being told that Trump was the one who
lies? And now now after the fact, Jake
is just sort of matterofactly stating
that his aids probably couldn't tell
when Biden was having a bad day because
he always lied.
And and you and I are saying the same
thing, right? Which is some version of
we knew that we knew, you know, he ran
on the fine people hoax. Of course, of
course he was the biggest liar we've
ever had in that office, I think.
Well, according to uh I saw a post by
Doug
McGregor that some kind of whistleblower
has come forward about the autopen
scandal. And I've heard I've heard some
names involved with it, but I don't want
to name them yet because I think it's
premature. But apparently there are some
names that would not be household names
to most of you that uh had access to
that thing and might have been the the
auto pen people
separately.
Um oh
Tonkabot go yourself. Seriously
just go yourself. Can can can you
guys in the comments straighten out
Tonkabot cuz you you just crossed the
line. You crossed that line pretty
hard. All
right. According to uh
Nike, um I saw this on a post by Unusual
Wales. Uh Nike says they're going to
increase their prices on footwear
because of the tariffs. So if you were
going to pay between $100 and 150, you
might get a $5 hike while sneakers
priced above 150 will see a $10
increase. To which I say, would anybody
notice that?
Do do you think that there's anybody who
um is going to pay $150 for
sneakers who would not buy them cuz
they're
$160? They say, "Oh, darn it. I thought
these would cost 150, but it looks like
they're
160." I don't know. To me, that doesn't
seem like the end of the world.
Um, remember all the warnings we were
getting that the tariffs were going to
blast your your prices and the economy
was going to
fail. I feel like they're going to sell
the same amount of footwear. So, they
might be absorbing something, but they
don't say. But then there's a story the
Washington Times is reporting that
Target target stores
um thinks they can adapt and offset most
of the tariff costs by reducing their
reliance on China. So they're already
working hard to make sure they don't
have too much sourcing from China. So
Target won't have uh at least
ridiculously higher prices because of
it.
and
uh and we are at the Home Depot wasn't
going to have much big much higher
prices. So we might we might see story
after
story of uh big companies that figured
out they were just going to absorb it or
adjust it or something. So that this
would be the most surprising outcome if
the Trump administration was completely
right that the tariffs
um got us what we wanted with minimal
change in
prices. Could be. It's entirely
possible. Um I I got to say I was
skeptical cuz I didn't know what was
going to happen. We've never been in
this situation before.
But it would be pretty amazing if Trump
was right about this that the retailers
would just adjust or absorb it or find
other sources if they tried hard enough.
It looks like that's what's happened so
far, but it's a little bit
early. You probably heard that the House
uh it's not a law yet, but just the
House passed the big beautiful bill.
Now, I got to say that I've never heard
anybody brand a spending bill before. I
think Trump's the first one who ever did
that. And it's kind of genius that he's
calling it the big beautiful
bill because it would be easy to turn
down a continuing resolution or some
boring damn thing, but how do you say no
to a big beautiful
bill? Well, anyway, so that's that's
best. Now,
um, and then they say uh that this is
the Wall Street Journal's reporting. So,
this is this is the wording in the Wall
Street Journal. Um, they're talking
about how it would increase the deficit
by 2.7 trillion. And the Wall Street
Journal says that figure was causing
discomfort. Discomfort they say for some
Republicans as national debt and bond
yields climb. Republican leaders say
that faster economic growth from Trump's
policies would fill the gap and make it
deficit neutral, a point that many
economists
dispute. Now that's it.
So the Wall Street Journal, which is
sort of the premier financial reporting
entity in the
country, they they do point out that the
bill would add to the deficit. But you
know what's
missing? The part where the whole
country crashes in on itself because the
deficit is too
big. There's something
wrong with the way everybody's talking
about this. And I saw a post on X from
Data Republican
um whose uh theory is that the reason
that people are talking about it like
it's no big deal when it's the biggest
deal. It's bigger than all the other
deals. There's nothing as important as
this and we're racing toward a cliff to
absolute disaster. And then the Wall
Street Journal is like, "Yeah, you know,
some some economists dispute it."
really that that's the best you can do
is some economist dispute it and well
you know Trump says that growth will
take care of it. No it
won't. Nobody thinks that. I I well
nobody serious thinks that. So data
Republican has some theories that it's
cultural and corruption. Now, I haven't
seen the details of her argument, but
she's digging into it harder to find out
what's going on here data wise. And uh
we'll see what she comes up with. But um
the cultural part, I don't know exactly
what that means, but I feel like the
country has been trained, you know, the
non-economists and the non-politicians.
I think they've all been
trained that kicking the can down the
road always
works because it always worked before
and we complain about it every time, but
then they kick the can and we're okay.
But at some point that definitely stops
working and we're at that point. So,
you'd expect that the news would, you
know, kind of uh flexibly change toward,
oh, no, we can't do this anymore, but it
didn't. That that would be the cultural
part, I guess, that as a culture, we've
just decided it's not a problem, so we
treat it like it's not, even though
we're blly heading toward the
cliff. And then the corruption part is
that the people who could change it, you
know, let's say the military-industrial
complex, they like their money, so
they're not going to change it. And
everybody else has a piece of the pie if
they're part of the, you know, part of
the deep state or, you know, part of
politics. So between corruption and the
fact that we've been trained not to see
it as a problem, we're we're blind to
the biggest problem the country's had in
my
lifetime. So So I thought that would be
uh useful for me to uh solve this
problem. Um I'm going to use a technique
you've heard from me before. It's called
the bad idea.
Now, the bad idea is exactly that. I'm
going to give you a bad idea for solving
the deficit
problem. You're you're of course going
to notice, wait a minute, there's a
problem with that bad
idea, but it might make you think of a
good idea because it's going to be out
of the
box. So, let me just put it out there.
It's a bad
idea, but maybe it'll make you come up
with the real good idea. All
right,
suppose just
suppose the uh government issues a
cryptocurrency.
But if you is if you if you issue if you
issued a
cryptocurrency that people could use to
buy anything they want, well that would
be very inflationary. So that's no good,
right? Everybody
agrees. If if you just added money, it
doesn't matter if it's crypto or you
printed money. If you're just adding
money, that doesn't work because it's uh
hugely inflationary. But
suppose just
suppose that the money that's being
added uh I'll just give you one example.
Suppose that uh if you were collecting
interest on a T
bill you could optionally and it would
just be up to you. Nobody would force
you to do it. You could receive it in
regular old dollars just like you always
did or you could receive your interest
in this new crypto that and let's say
it's tied to the dollar so it's not
fluctuating that much. Now you might say
well why would I ever take the
crypto and the answer is that it would
have one purpose. You could only use it
for one thing which is paying federal
taxes in the United States. It couldn't
be used for anything else. So, would
that make the the price of products at
Target go up? No, because there wouldn't
be any more money available to buy
things at Target. It would be the same
amount of money. It's just that you
could only use this crypto. Now, suppose
I said to you that this crypto would
give you a 5% discount on your taxes.
Now, you might be a person who has a tea
bill and you don't pay many taxes for
whatever reasons, but you could say,
"All right, I'll take the crypto and
then I'll just resell it to somebody who
wants to pay their taxes and they can
get the 5% discount and you know, I'll
charge them a little extra." So, you
could easily exchange it. Then, here's
the fun part.
Suppose that the one and only thing you
can do with it is pay your
taxes. But that once the government
received your crypto payment in taxes,
it would have to burn the
crypto. it would never exist
again
because that would keep the government
from uh just spending whatever extra
money the system
produced. They could the your taxes
would be paid by the crypto but the
government would just not have access to
it. It would just be burned.
Being burned means in the digital world
it it becomes not crypto anymore. It
just turns into garbage
basically.
Now would that
work? What it would do is it would pay
down the
debt. But in our current
system, in our current system, if you
paid down the debt a little bit,
somebody would just increase spending.
But with this, you would pay down the
debt and it would just disappear. There
would be nothing to allow them to
increase
spending. So, it's a bad
idea. But think in terms of adding
crypto but limiting it to a single
purpose so it doesn't have a general
inflationary
possibility. All right. So, that's all.
Uh, you don't have to tell me it's a bad
idea because that's where I
started. Well, most of you by now have
seen the video of uh Trump doing what
the fake news calls
ambushing. So, all the fake news got the
memo to use the word ambush. Uh the
president of South Africa was in the
very crowded room that uh dignitaries
are greeted in
the white
house. And uh Trump was complaining
about white genocide in South Africa.
And I guess the president of South
Africa was not convinced that it was
happening. And
uh so uh so the president said, you
know, turn down the lights. We'll show
this video. And he showed some video
evidence to make his case. And then he
showed a bunch of, you know, printed out
documents to make his case. And uh part
of it was videos of um what looked like
hundreds or thousands of white crosses
next to a to the road that I think Trump
called uh
graves. Now what's interesting is the
president of South Africa said, "Where
is that? I've never seen
that." And and Trump said, "It's in
South Africa." like and how how in the
world could he not know that it existed?
It's like, you know, in the United
States, we've sort of all seen that
picture. And so I said to myself, oh,
and Elon Musk was there giving a death
stare to the president because uh he
he's, you know, quite uh he's quite uh
invested, at least emotionally invested
in into his old country.
And uh part of it was uh showing the
video of um some large gathering,
political gathering in South Africa
where the uh black gatherers were
singing kill the boores, which would be
the the white people.
And so I said to myself, I wonder if
there's another side to this argument.
So, I went to
Grock and I asked Grock because it was
aware of the event if uh if the argument
that Trump was making was valid and
Grock said
nope. Now, I'm not saying that. All
right? So, what I'm telling you is that
Grock said it's all
debunked. Now, here are a few things I
said. You know, all those white
crosses, those don't
exist. They did exist for a specific
protest. But it actually wouldn't be
that surprising that the president of
the country doesn't know they exist
because he literally said, "Where's
that?" And he looked like he wasn't
lying. Like he literally didn't even
know what that was about. That doesn't
exist according to Grock. Now remember,
I'm making I'm I'm telling you Grock's
argument. What I'm not doing is making
my own argument, right? So you got to
make that distinction. I'll tell you my
own argument when I'm when I do
this. Then Grock said that that kill the
Boers song was
uh was
a a free speech song. I guess the courts
have decided it was just free speech and
that it didn't mean kill any
individuals. It was about killing the
system and it was a historical song
about killing the old apartheid
system. Do you believe
that? That's what Grock says. Again,
this is not me saying
it. It's what Grock says.
And then what else I said? Uh
uh then there was one video that Trump
showed with they showed some violence
and Grock said that's not even South
Africa. That's from the
Congo. To which I said, "Oh,
really? I don't know." Again, it's just
Grock saying it.
Um, and then it said that the alleged
murders of white
farmers was not
real, that it was
fake. This, and again, this is not me.
Don't blame me. I'm telling you what
Grock said. And here's what Grock
said. that it's true that white farmers,
you know, their their farms were being
attacked and they were being murdered,
but it said it wasn't for political
reasons. It was just regular crime in a
country where there's just tons of crime
and murder and that nobody was taking
over those farms. They were just
stealing stuff and killing the
families. So, it wasn't so much a
political act, it was just crime. and it
was a little bit easier to do the crime
in a remote farmhouse because there was
nobody around to stop them from doing
it. And then it said that far more uh
black citizens of South Africa are
getting murdered as a as a raw number
compared to the tiny tiny number of
white South Africans that are also being
murdered. So according to Grock, there's
no such thing as some unusually large
number of white South Africans being
murdered, not for political reasons,
etc.
Then there was a question of there's
some new rule that says that uh the
black South Africans or the government I
guess can take from the white South
Africans their
property but they prefer to buy it.
if they can't buy it, the law allows
that under certain conditions, they can
just take it and not pay anything. But
according to Grock, that's never
happened. Do you believe
that? That it's never happened. It's
just that it could happen and it would
be
constitutional because the law allows
it. So, let me give you my opinion.
My opinion is if you live in a country
where on a regular basis a large
political party uh apparently it's like
the number three party. It's not the
leading in power party. when they get
together and they say things like kill
the
boores, you should get down at that
country as soon as
possible because even if they're
thinking about it being the system and
it's a historical song, you don't want
to live in a country where people are
saying that it's okay to sing that. You
don't need the law to tell you that they
can or can't. If you're in a country
where they're singing kill the people
who are you, you should start packing up
right away. That's my
advice. Number two, if you live in a
country where there is a law that says
we're going to, you know, buy your
property
uh because we don't think that it should
be belonging to white people. And if we
can't make an agreement to buy it, well,
we've got this backup plan where we can
just take it for nothing. If you live in
a country with that as one of your laws,
you should get out of that country as
soon as possible because nothing good is
going to
happen. Nothing good is going to happen.
And uh if you live in a country where
there's so much
violence that the argument against the
white genocide is well there's no white
genocide. Look how many black people are
being killed by just other black people.
You should get out of that country right
away because whatever it is that's
causing all these people to be killed,
be they black or be they white, it's way
too many. like way way too many run get
out of that
country and
uh that's what I
say.
So what you need to know is that the
news is saying it was mostly fake news
and Trump was ambushing him. Uh what you
need to know is that
Grock, which is actually ironically
created by Elon Musk, says h not so
much. You know, you have to see the
other side of this. Um and then what you
really need to know is that everything
about that situation looks like trouble
brewing. Trouble brewing. I would get
out of there if I could. So that's my
advice.
Anyway, according to the publication
called The
Atlantic, which is really just a joke
publication because it's it's such a
propaganda rag that it's hard to even
imagine it as a serious publication.
But, uh, one of the articles big
headline is the decline and fall of Elon
Musk. the decline and fall of Elon
Musk. Now, I think they mean that he's
less involved with Doge and the
government, but that was the
plan. The plan is that right about now
he would be removing himself from Doge
and the government, which he
did. And then you look at how's how's
Tesla doing? the stock is like totally
recovered and he's on the verge of
unleashing robots for what could be the
largest
um product launch of all time and that's
not even counting the auto uh you know
the self-driving auto cabs. So I would
say that Elon Musk is on the border of
taking his current success and fame and
multiplying it by a thousand. And I
don't know what would stop him because
he's got a pretty solid plan. Build
robots, auto cabs. Anyway, so that's
just propaganda.
Um, apparently Trump told some European
leaders that he thinks uh Putin thinks
that he's winning the war, meaning Putin
thinks he's winning the war and isn't
ready for
peace. Now, who told you that first? I
did. I've been telling you for a while.
Uh, it really looks to me like
Putin is not looking for peace
whatsoever.
And apparently uh Trump has that opinion
at the moment too.
So he's
uh
sorry Trump is shifted from talking
about sanctions to proposing some lower
level talks including the Vatican which
is funny because it just it just uh
offloads it offloads the failure to the
Vatican so that the pope can be
responsible for whatever doesn't happen.
Well,
um, but here's my take. What the hell
are you going to
do? Are we going to weigh in and start
refunding Ukraine like that would work
and that and that, you know, Ukraine
would win the war? I don't think we're
going to do that. Is Europe going to
fund them so they can win the war? I
don't think they can.
Are we going to give them enough drones
and robots that they don't need any
humans and they can hold off the entire
Russian army? Well, I don't know if
we're right at that point yet.
Maybe. But are we going to let Ukraine
fall because it looks like uh Putin's
just going to chew on it until he gets
everything he wants.
So, my question is, what options do we
really
have? I'm pretty sure that even the
worst sanctions wouldn't change Putin's
mind if he thinks he's winning that war.
I think he would just figure out a way
around the
sanctions.
So, do we have any
options? I can't think of any.
So, I guess Ukraine will just get ground
down and uh Putin will have his way and
control
Ukraine. Does it look like that's what's
going to
happen?
Yeah. Well, um I've got no idea how how
you can do anything except lose Ukraine
at this point. No idea.
Well, according to the Associated Press,
Canada is in talks with the US about
joining its so-called Golden Dome. That
would be our missile defense system. Cuz
it wouldn't make a lot of sense for
Canada to build its own missile defense
if it could just pay a little, not a
little, but it could pay to be part of
our um defense system that we're
building. So, I do like the fact that uh
Carney is just sort of a good
businessman and he's just well, why
would we build it ourselves? It would
just make more sense to partner. Now, do
you remember when it wasn't long
ago when the fake news was telling you
that all the other countries were not
going to be able to deal with the United
States because we'd insulted them and
you know they're all mad and they
they'll never do business with Trump.
And then Trump goes to the Middle East
and he's treated like a god
king. And then he has one meeting with
Carney and they're just best friends and
Carney wants to be part of our missile
defense to, you know,
presumably pay for
it. But I was telling you the whole time
that it's a transactional world. If
Trump offers value to other countries,
those other countries will treat him
with the utmost respect. That's it. that
that's the whole story. Nobody's getting
insulted. And if they did, they wouldn't
it wouldn't last that, you know, they'd
get over it right away if they had some
economic reason. So there's another
example of
that. According to the New York
Post, Syria with its new leader is
talking about joining the Abraham
Accords and normalizing relationship
with
Israel. Do you think there are any
catches to that? Oh, yes, there are. Um,
they want assurances that Israel would
stop bombing
Syria. I don't know if they're going to
get that. Uh, they want Israel to stop
fermenting sectarian divisions. Uh, I
don't know what they're doing there,
but if it's good for Israel, they're not
going to stop doing it. And, uh, they
want to reach a negotiated arrangement
regarding the Golan Heights. Well, I
think Israel already has what they want,
right? It's not like they're going to
give a little bit of the Golan Heights
back to Syria.
So, I I think that this is another one
of those fake peace
offerings where where the head of Syria
is like, "Oh, yeah, totally. We want to
be your best friends. Oh, we'll just
take the Golan Heights back. Uh, you
know, we'll we'll negotiate it. Of
course, we're not animals." So, I don't
I don't
think these look like pretty big
problems. I don't know if they can
negotiate those away, but
maybe. Here's here's some news. France
has a new laser rifle that can melt like
that's small enough that a uh one
soldier can hold it like a bazooka and
it can melt electronics from 500 feet
away and doesn't make any noise. So the
only noise you'd hear is the electronics
burning from 500 feet away. Now, if it's
small enough that a soldier can carry
it, I would not want to be on the other
side of that laser cuz if it can make
electronics catch on fire, it could make
your head catch on fire pretty
quickly. So that's scary. According to
the Daily Mail, Kim Jong-un, North
Korea, uh, is not happy about the launch
he attended of their new 5,000 ton North
Korean
warship. Uh, cuz it launched and
immediately
capsized. Imagine being the, you know,
the head of North Korea and, you know,
these military things, these rocket
launches and these, you know, ship
launches are like a gigantic part of
your national ego and he attends it and
the thing they launch it and it just
capsizes. So, he watched in horror as
his 5,000 ton ship was severely damaged.
I think they could figure out a way to
write it because it didn't sink. It just
turned sideways. I think it's still
floating. So, we'll see if they can
salvage
that. But that's Can you imagine being
the whoever was in charge of launching
that
thing? You know, you're you're standing
next to the uh deer leader because, you
know, you had an important job. you're
the one who was in charge of making sure
this thing got built and launched and
the Kim Jong-un is like right next to
you shouldertosh shoulder and you're
like man this is the best best day of my
career I could get you know extra food
rations based on this I'm really killing
it and then your your ship gets launched
and it just turns
sideways in the water and you're
standing right right next to Kim
Jong-un that would be the scariest est
thing that could ever happen to a
person. Like, what the hell would you
say? Oh, it's okay, boss. I'll get it
next
time. I'll get it next time. All right.
So, uh I saw Dom Lucer was reporting
that uh uh we learned from the Diddy
trial that Diddy had ecstasy pills that
were printed with the face of Obama on
them. And there were uh red Obamas,
green Obamas, and orange Obamas and blue
Obamas. But uh you could take these
pills if you went to one of his
freakoffs.
Okay. Do you think Obama was in any way
implicated in any of that or they just
thought it was funny to put his face on
their ecstasy
bills? I don't know there. I haven't
seen any indication Obama is connected
to any of that, but but he's connected
to the
pills. All
right, that's all I got for today. Oh,
there's a good picture there in the
comments. I'm going to say a few words
to the locals people
privately. And uh the rest of you,
thanks for joining. I will see you
tomorrow, same time, same place.
and hope you enjoyed it.
All right, locals coming at you in 30
seconds if everything works the way